**Goal:** To apprehend the upper market thief.

**Parameters:**
- ~~Don't allow anything outside of the mission boundaries to suffer harm.~~
- Prevent any conflict from spilling out into public.

## Session 1
A mysterious villain has been hitting the supermarket chain [[Marche Magnifique]]
Stealing canned food and clothes
Last night they hit two locations. A supermarket, and a warehouse
Staff member has shotty camera evidence showing only a faint purple blur of the criminal hopping a wire fence
CCTV was out

[[Supermarket Suspects]]

Alice STOLE STOLE AND ATE A CAN OF CORN! We're probably getting in trouble
Alice noticed a token with [[Les Voiles Community Kitchen]] written on it
We [[Oogle]] the Community Kitchen

We went to the soup kitchen. Rumours of a monster stalking at night
[[Joules]] attempted to speak with them but fails
[[Alice]] pretended to be a civilian attacked by AEGIS agents (us)
She was eventually caught but earnt [[Mira]]'s trust
Mira highly suggested she was the thief, but asked Alice to leave her alone. Alice was ultimately convinced

We went back to the warehouse to investigate
Witness says thief was humanoid not monster

OH NO! A WAREHOUSE IS BEING ATTACKED AGAIN! 

Briefly go back to AEGIS
[[Redwood]] is holding a pizza party
Alice tells [[Renegade]] about [[Mira]]

We go to the warehouse
[[Alice]] broke down wall to catch [[The Les Voiles Monster]] there and engages
## Session 2
We engaged [[The Les Voiles Monster|The Monster]]. It wasn't intimdated by [[Alice]], broke [[Redcap]]'s restraints but was thrown outside by [[Joules]]' sonic wave
[[Renegade]] tried to stop them from getting inside, where [[Gloomlings|grey goo creatures]] have shown up and started taking stock
[[The Les Voiles Monster]] runs at [[Renegade]] with mouth agape, and he backs off to avoid being swallowed, letting her inside
[[Gloomlings]] try to pounce on [[Renegade]] whilst he's distracted but [[Redcap]] protects him with a mushroom sphere

[[The Les Voiles Monster]] escapes by dislocating itself and slipping through a fence. But not before [[Alice]] tackles them and gets it to regurgitate a few crates. But it escapes anyway

[[Joules]] gets overwhelmed by [[Gloomlings]]
[[Renegade]] tries to help by spinning his halberd fast enough to blow them away
[[Redcap]] sees and creates a net but [[Renegade]]'s manoeuvre fails
[[Redcap]] instead steps in and saves [[Joules]] but opens herself up to being attacked by the [[Gloomlings]]

[[Alice]] and [[Joules]] have a heart to heart

[[Renegade]] successfully saves [[Redcap]] by golf clubbing the [[Gloomlings]] away
[[Redcap]] uses the opportunity to spawn mushrooms which explode, taking out the remaining [[Gloomlings]]

One of the crates they were trying to take was a [[Bionutrient Machine]] used to stimulate plant growth
[[Alice]] tasted the goo from the machine

[[Team Galahad]] came to take over
We went back to HQ
[[Zebrawood]] is not happy, but the team reinforce their faith in Theo

[[Renegade]] and [[Redcap]] have a heart to heart
[[Alice]] is invited to speak with [[Mira]] at a [[Marche Magnifique]] location ***alone***